aboutme.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About Me
subtitle: Just in case you want to learn more about me
---

Hello! I'm Karahan Yılmazer. I was born in Istanbul and have been living and studying in Munich for the past five years. I completed my bachelor's in Electrical and Computer Engineering at the Technical University of Munich and subsequently pursued the following master's degrees:

- Elite M.Sc. in Neuroengineering, Technical University of Munich
- Elite M.Sc. in Neuro-Cognitive Psychology, Ludwig Maximilian University
- M.Sc. in Electrical and Computer Engineering, Technical University of Munich

## My Passion for the Brain

My deep interest lies in understanding the brain's complexities. Though trained primarily as an engineer, I've expanded my academic pursuits to encompass Neuro-Cognitive Psychology, seeking a more holistic view of brain function.

## Artistic Pursuits

I am passionate about learning and expressing myself creatively. I began with calligraphy, later transitioning into 3D modelling. While I still see myself as a novice in this realm, I deeply value the process and joy of artistic expression. I invite you to view some of my work on my <a href="../index.html">home page</a>. As I continue to grow and develop in my field, I aspire to integrate these artistic elements into my work in meaningful ways.

## Other Interests

Of course, my passions extend beyond my professional pursuits! Some other things I love are cooking, tending to my plants, and listening to tons of music. Stay tuned for future posts where I'll share some of my culinary creations and plant-care adventures. And if you're curious about the playlists that fuel my day, feel free to follow me on Spotify in the meantime.

## Got Questions?

Curiosity didn't just kill the cat; it made everything more exciting! If you're itching to know more, just drop me a line below.

Commit message:

feat: Update the location of the gallery

aboutme.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About Me
subtitle: Just in case you want to learn more about me
---

Hello! I'm Karahan Yılmazer. I was born in Istanbul and have been living and studying in Munich for the past five years. I completed my bachelor's in Electrical and Computer Engineering at the Technical University of Munich and subsequently pursued the following master's degrees:

- Elite M.Sc. in Neuroengineering, Technical University of Munich
- Elite M.Sc. in Neuro-Cognitive Psychology, Ludwig Maximilian University
- M.Sc. in Electrical and Computer Engineering, Technical University of Munich

## My Passion for the Brain

My deep interest lies in understanding the brain's complexities. Though trained primarily as an engineer, I've expanded my academic pursuits to encompass Neuro-Cognitive Psychology, seeking a more holistic view of brain function.

## Artistic Pursuits

I am passionate about learning and expressing myself creatively. I began with calligraphy, later transitioning into 3D modelling. While I still see myself as a novice in this realm, I deeply value the process and joy of artistic expression. I invite you to view some of my work in my [Gallery](#navbarDropdown). As I continue to grow and develop in my field, I aspire to integrate these artistic elements into my work in meaningful ways.

## Other Interests

Of course, my passions extend beyond my professional pursuits! Some other things I love are cooking, tending to my plants, and listening to tons of music. Stay tuned for future posts where I'll share some of my culinary creations and plant-care adventures. And if you're curious about the playlists that fuel my day, feel free to follow me on Spotify in the meantime.

## Got Questions?

Curiosity killed the cat, but I am assuming you aren't one! If you're itching to know more, just drop me a line below.
